add option to merge settings (#3464)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: .changeset/mean-jokes-tan.md

---
'firebase': patch
'@firebase/firestore': patch
'@firebase/firestore-types': patch
---

> feat: Added `inherit` setting to merge the new settings with the settings from a previous call when calling `firestore.settings()`. This allows adding settings on top of the settings that were applied by `@firebase/testing`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: Added `inherit` option to `firestore.settings()`, which merges the provided settings with settings from a previous call . This allows adding settings on top of the settings that were applied by `@firebase/testing`.

Also line wrap.
```

---
'firebase': patch
'@firebase/firestore': patch
'@firebase/firestore-types': patch
---

> feat: Added `inherit` setting to merge existing settings with new settings when calling `firestore.settings()`.

Reviewer: Maybe something with "the settings from a previous call. This allows customizing custom settings on top of the settings that were applied by `@firestore/testing`. Yadadada."

Author: updated.
